hey hi look I'm about what happened
earlier all that well I completely
understand you were they were stressed I
was gonna give you a chance to apologize
to me for what for letting you throw me
out of your office you had no rights
coming down to my office Ross you do not
bring a picnic basket to somebody's work
unless maybe they were a park ranger it
will excuse me for wanting to be with my
girlfriend on our anniversary boy what
an ass am i but I told you I didn't have
the time well you never have the time I
mean I don't feel like I even have a
girlfriend anymore Rachel Ross what do
you want from me you want me you want to
quit my job so you can feel like you
have a girlfriend no but it would be
nice if you'd realize that it's just a
job just a job yes Ross do you realize
this is the first time in my life I'm
doing something I actually care about
doing something that I'm actually good
at I mean if you don't get that okay I
get that okay I get that big time and
I'm happy for you but I'm tired of
having a relationship with your
answering machine okay I don't know what
to do anymore
but neither do i is this about mark oh
my god okay it's not I cannot keep
having the same fight over and over
again Ross no you're you're you're
making this too hard I'm I'm making this
too hard okay what do you want me to do
oh I don't know look ma maybe we should
just take a break okay okay fine you're
right let's let's take rake let's cool
off okay let's get some frozen yogurt
huh no a break from us
oh and then we got to this big stupid
fight I just it was awful like told him
treats me like a park ranger something
off and then I told him I wanted to take
a break I don't want to take a break oh
I'm sorry
hmm hey grow know that I called him and
he wasn't there
well he's probably just out oh thank you
that's very helpful I'm glad you're home
hello hi it's me
hi oh I'm so glad you called really
other thing this is crazy I mean don't
don't you think we can work on this okay
what do you wanna drink who's that
nobody it's it okay if I finish the
apple juice is that mark oh honey look
he just came over yeah I got it
hey dinosaur guy okay you so sad come
down oh that's okay thanks hey you don't
have to smile just have to thin I don't
feel like dancing I feel like that
having a drink okay okay
hey two beers
like this song
you're practically dancing already why
don't you just do it over here
what are you married cuz that's okay
maybe I'll be home be home be home
we
stolen smile
Oh